New Entry: General Font Awesome (#849)
Codecademy/docs: content/general/concepts/font-awesome/terms/fa-Nx/fa-Nx.md

---
Title: 'fa-Nx'

> Description: 'Where N can be a number from 2 to 10, adjusts the icon size relative to its container.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Adjusts the icon size relative to its container.'
```

I don't think the parameter info is necessary in the `Description` for this entry.

Subjects:
  - 'Web Development'
  - 'Web Design'
Tags:
  - 'World Wide Web'
  - 'Fonts'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-css'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> The **`fa-Nx`** classes, where _N_ can be a number from 2 to 10, adjusts the icon size relative to its container. In addition to `fa-2x ... fa-10x`, there's also `fa-xs`, `fa-sm` and `fa-lg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`fa-Nx`** classes, where `N` can be a number from 2 to 10, adjusts the icon size relative to its container. In addition to `fa-2x ... fa-10x`, there's also `fa-xs`, `fa-sm` and `fa-lg`.
```
